hey I'm Kristian harloff with Fandango
movie clips with things to know before
you see Star Wars The Force awakens this
is the seventh film in the Star Wars
franchise but rather than wasting time
rehashing what you should already know
we should be talking about what you
don't know what everybody has a theory
about this is what I think we have
learned this is 30 years after Return of
the Jedi
and it seems like there's some version
of the Empire that's back it's called
the first order Darth Vader the big
baddie from the original trilogy he's
gone but there's some dude now in a mask
and kylo Ren he looks like he's a fanboy
of Darth Vader and he's trying to follow
in the Dark Lord's footsteps who is this
guy and what is his agenda for me I
think that's Han Solo's kid yup I think
it's Hans kid I think it's Leia's kid
and I think Rey is Luke Skywalker's kid
would that mean Luke is a deadbeat dad
maybe but the Jedi have been known to be
shady in the past and if that's not
enough to get you in full eeeek mode how
about two words han freakin solo
Harrison Ford's been on the record
saying that he wanted Han Solo be dead
kill him off in Empire Strikes Back and
Return of the Jedi and it didn't seem
like he'd ever be back fast forward of
JJ Abrams JJ was able to get him back
but everything we have seen it looks
like he is having an absolute blast
revisiting playing the scoundrel again
what's Hans role and this is the one guy
this was the guy who doubted everything
about the force he didn't like hokey
religions well he's the one he's serving
as a guide now and a historian for our
new heroes Finn and Rey
you're still not geeking out fine two
more words for you Carrie Fisher yes
Leia is back as well so far we have seen
brief footage of Leia but all of the
shots have been powerful but where is
Luke that's the million-dollar question
we have seen footage and pictures of
Leia and Han but Luke has been shrouded
in mystery
there are crazy rumors out there that
suggest Luke could actually be evil some
say he might be on the run hiding out
what events happen from Return of the
Jedi until now that changed that lovable
farm boy into the recluse that's on the
run in the force awakens so that's what
you should be looking forward to when
the force awakens hits theaters in the
meantime go buy your tickets go to a
friend and go get more tickets go see
a force awakens I'm Kristian harloff
with Fandango movie clips thank you for
watching us see in the theaters December
18th
[Music]